# Reflection programming assignment
## programming assignment of Bowen Zhang 12637149
It is inevitable that coding has become one of the most useful tool that can boost up the efficiency. Python as one of the most well-known and welcomed one, it has drawn my attention for a long time. It is easy to access, versatile and powerful for a start-up coding experience. 

Before getting familiar with Python, my previous impression about coding is relatively limited. In order to have a better grasp besides theoretical knowledge in the media studies field, practical skill is the focused aspect that I am aiming myself to improve with. Therefore, the aiming of my learning target is not only to gain the relative knowledge as much as possible, but also to acquire the coding as a skill that I can actually use and benefit myself from it in the future. With this target settled, I focused myself to enhance the ability to solve the actual questions while attempting myself to raise examples based on the topics I learned from the chapter, with multiple different angles to ensure I have grasped the skills well. 

However during the process of acquiring the knowledge, it was not smooth as I expected before. There are situations that I found myself stuck into one part of question, trying different ways of coding but still cannot achieve the target result that I was aiming for. But with deeper groves I dig into this part of knowledge, I found myself interested in the topic even further for the benefits it gives to me. Learning the code for me more and more becomes an enjoyable process that allows me to not only understand how Python works in certain scenarios, but also the mathematical principles behind it. It was quite a challenge for me at the most of time, but the gaining new knowledge that I can put into use in real life immediately is fulfilled my hoping for achievement tremendously. 

While enjoying the process aside, challenges pushes me to explore further for necessary support from multiple backgrounds like GitHub or StackOverflow. According to the book, although running the codes through the IDLE environment is recommended to learning through the programming, with start-up research based on Python environment, I found using Jupyter Notebook is more user-friendly for me to learning the codes with its rich format and clear interface. Learning and practicing python in Anaconda environment, one of the biggest advantages I can benefit from the Jupyter Notebook is that I can examine immediately after input a code block, which helps me to refer back to the mistakes I made. Besides, with helping of a clearer layout Jupyter Notebook not only allows me to learn python in a more efficient way, but it also enables me to record all the practices and reflections I have made and publish them on GitHub. 

One of the reasons that I choose for the light track of programming is lack of previous experience with coding. Thus I tried best to ensure myself not missing any questions that I covered, therefore to fully understand and evaluated what I actually learned. However, with depth of questions I dig into, the learning curve also increased very slowly thus limited me to cover all the content of the book. It is pity indeed, yet I am still satisfied with the results I get from the parts I have fully digest with, with practical examples that I learned in the book. With this result achieved, I would keep exploring on the programming knowledge in the future for sure, therefore, to utilize Python as a useful tool for me.
